Rotation manager general docs (#2170)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v2.x (rc)/content/api-docs/system/rotation-orphans.mdx

@include 'alerts/enterprise-only.mdx'

Use the `/sys/rotation/orphans` endpoints to manage [orphaned](/vault/docs/enterprise/rotation-management-system/rotation-policies#orphaned-rotation-attempts)
rotation entries for plugins that support automated rotation via the Rotation Manager.

> See the [rotation manager documentation](/vault/docs/enterprise/rotation-manager/overview)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [automated rotation documentation](/vault/docs/enterprise/rotation-manager/overview)
```

> for more general information on how Vault's rotation manager handles orphaned rotation entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for more general information on how Vault handles orphaned rotation entries.
```
